feat: Added custom query support for Oracle (#646)
GoogleCloudPlatform/professional-services-data-validator: docs/examples.md

````shell script
data-validation validate row -sc my_bq_conn -tc my_bq_conn -tbls bigquery-public-data.new_york_citibike.citibike_stations --primary-keys station_id --hash '*'
````

> #### Run a row hash validation for all rows when database is Oracle and primary key is of Numeric Datatype

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Run a row hash validation with a NUMERIC primary key
```

> Typecast Numeric to String by either of following: 

Reviewer: Let's add some details here i.e "For Oracle and Postgres connections, numeric primary keys may not match between source and target data types due to precision or scale discrepancies. You may need to cast the primary key to a string for a valid match."

* Adding the code snippet above [this](https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/professional-services-data-validator/blob/63d6303ae08e4f8eb9a663a14d6d60828947f027/data_validation/config_manager.py#L187):

>     ````shell script

Reviewer: These indents mess up the code blocks. You can preview the text in GitHub or VisualStudio to see how the markdown renders

> * Adding the code snippet above [this](https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/professional-services-data-validator/blob/63d6303ae08e4f8eb9a663a14d6d60828947f027/data_validation/config_manager.py#L187):

Reviewer: I think we should remove this option since users would need to clone the repo and locally package this change to use it.

primary_key_configs[0]['cast'] = 'string'
````
* When validating with yaml file update ````cast: null```` to ````cast: string````
    ````shell script
primary_keys:

>   - cast: null

Reviewer: Can't we just update this to `cast: string` instead of also updating the code snippet above?

> * When validating with yaml file update ````cast: null```` to ````cast: string````

Reviewer: We can get rid of this bullet and just have the YAML example under the text on line 49

>     ````shell script

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ````yaml
```

>       - cast: null

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - cast: string
```
